Grinnell College is one of a few dozen US colleges that maintain need blind admissions and meets the full demonstrated need of all US-residents who are admitted to the college. Grinnell offers a large amount of need-based and merit-based aid in comparison with peer institutions. Currently (2020-21), 86% of students receive some form of financial aid. 

In 2018-19, 20% of the students enrolled at Grinnell were receiving Pell Grants, which are generally reserved for students from low income families. The average financial aid package is over $51,770. 

Grinnell guarantees a $10,000 Grinnell Choice Scholarship renewable for eight semesters to all US citizens and permanent residents admitted under the early decision program. Overall, it is a fantastic college, located in Iowa.

The college yearbook is named after the tornado that hit Grinnell College in 1882, which was then known as a cyclone. Both College buildings were demolished by the storm, which wreaked havoc on the campus. The curriculum was once more expanded to include departments in political science (one of the first in the country; the University of Minnesota's department was established in 1879, three years earlier), modern languages, and reconstruction immediately followed.

In addition, the university publishes a biweekly satirical newspaper called "The B&S" that includes pieces about current affairs both on and off campus. In essays, illustrations, and crossword puzzles, "The B&S" mocks social and political issues.

Only 20% of college students nationwide graduate with a four-year undergraduate degree in under four years, and only 57% do it in under six. However, 84% of students at Grinnell College graduate in just four years. Any college in Iowa has a graduation rate higher than this one.

The Grinnell women's volleyball team defeated St Norbert College in a thrilling five-set match during the Midwest Conference Tournament championship match at Cornell College's gymnasium in 2019, advancing to the NCAA Division III National Tournament for the first time in the 46-year history of the program. Additionally, it was Grinnell's first volleyball MWC Tournament victory ever.

When student workers decided to expand their union for dining hall workers to include all student workers in 2022, Grinnell became the first fully unionized undergraduate school in the United States. The college president supported the decision.

It is about 5 hours from Chicago, 1 hour from Des Moines, 1.5 hours from Iowa City, 2.5 hours from Minneapolis. Go Grinnell!

